[MUSIC]
>> Scott: For the exercise,
or the challenges,
use nglf to give feedback to the user
whether or not a widget is clicked.
However that feedback you want it to be,
it could be anything.
It could be a style, it can be a message,
an alert, whatever you want it to be.
Some feedback that it was clicked.
And then create a custom directive
to modify the style of the widgets
when a user interacts with it,
like on mouseover.
Yes, again, you can do this
with CSS on hover, I get it.
But just do something with a directive
on some type of action with the widget.
Maybe change the color,
maybe animate a color and fade it.
Something that'll be nice.
And then, add inputs to the directive
to allow it to receive the widgets' id.
And that's it.
We're not gonna do anything with the id.
>> Scott: All right, so, it is 1:53.
We'll come back here at 2:10,
and see where everybody's at.
>> Speaker 2: There's still a little
confusion on that one.
Would it be it makes sense you could just
throw it in a plunker example form or
something?
>> Scott: What's,
the animation one that I did?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah I think he's getting
confused about how it's
happening in the four.
Or in, yeah.
>> Scott: He's talking
about this click right here.
Okay, I took my
microphone off.
>> Speaker 2: You can just hang it
on the outside of your shirt if you want.
>> Scott: Okay,
yeah, so let's walk through,
see why that's happening.
So the reason that's happening is
because I'm inside of this for loop.
Which is gonna have a new instance
of item every single time, but
each instance of item is
sharing the same show model.
So whenever show is true,
all items will show hey.
So to get around that,
there's a couple ways.
We can just not use one model here.
For instance, we can say ngif,
if active item triple
equals the current item.
We can do something like that, so
then when you click, you can set active,
and then you can pass in the item, and
then down here,
you can say activeItem=object.
And then down here,
this .activeitem equals the item
that we're gonna pass in.
>> Scott: So
now, only if the active item is
equal to this item should this show.
So let's check it out.
I think it reloaded.
Let me reload it just to make sure, okay.
>> Scott: And
there we go.
>> Scott: Wait no, it's not doing it?
I got some errors.
Click, looks like I messed up.
Toggle, setActiveItem.
Let's just, we'll change it here.
Let's try that again.
>> Scott: So there we are.
So now it's only gonna do it
if that's the active item.